DOCS-7719: EN review, RU translation. Columns matcher (#7373)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/select.md

### SELECT Clause {#select-select}

> [Expressions](syntax.md#syntax-expressions) specified in the `SELECT` clause are analyzed after the calculations for all the clauses listed above are completed. More specifically, expressions above the aggregate functions are analyzed, provided there are aggregate functions. The aggregate functions and everything below them are calculated during aggregation (`GROUP BY`). These expressions work as if they were applied to separate rows in the result.

Reviewer: we'd better rewrite it, because it's not really obvious what "above" and "below" means here

└────┴────┘
```

> You can use multiple `COLUMNS` expressions in a query and apply functions to them.

Reviewer: needs clarifications:
* how actually applying functions works: columns are passed as separate arguments, what happens with additional arguments, etc
* whether an order of columns is guaranteed to be alphabetical or not

Code: 42. DB::Exception: Received from localhost:9000. DB::Exception: Number of arguments for function plus doesn't match: passed 3, should be 2. 
```

In this example, `COLUMNS('a')` returns two columns: `aa` and `ab`. `COLUMNS('c')` returns the `bc` column. The `+` operator can't apply to 3 arguments, so ClickHouse throws an exception with the relevant message.

> Columns that matched the `COLUMNS` expression can be different types. If `COLUMNS` doesn't match any columns and is the only expression in `SELECT`, ClickHouse throws an exception.

Reviewer: why these sentences are in same paragraph? sounds completely unrelated

```suggestion
Columns that matched the `COLUMNS` expression can have different data types. If `COLUMNS` doesn't match any columns and is the only expression in `SELECT`, ClickHouse throws an exception.
```
